All right, here we are

only serious music allowed. Let's

try it and good music. Dummy, good music. Okay. My name is Brian Jones, and I want you to remember my name, because I'm one of the main directors of this program, along with my good friends who are all in this together. And right now, I'd like to describe to you what I want the wellspring manuscript to look like, and edits that we want to make to

it, the typography and the layout for InDesign.

So let's go through page by page, starting off with a title page. Wellspring,

there will be a cover and first

of all, the subtitle is still too long. It should just be best practices for rapid delivery of behavioral health. Continuum infrastructure. And then the Table of Contents. I'd like all the,

okay, there we go. All right, cool. I'd

like all the spacing to be shorter, the lines between all of the rows. What's it called? Again? Yeah, it's the it

called? Again, it's the Yeah, just the line. Spacing between the lines

should all be smaller, less spacing, and I'd like the size of the text to be smaller, maybe two points. Yeah, two points smaller for the table of contents. And the should not say contents. It should say table of contents. And it should also say, well, spring table of contents on the first page, the

Wellspring, the wellspring.

So same thing with page two and going on through all of the table of contents of the chapters, or like all the chapters to be

slightly shrunk. I

I thought it was, I swear it was there earlier. Oh, yeah, oh, it is chapter 12,

yes, okay, here we go. Yes, because, um, it's there. It's just because that was the it wasn't actually

pages, yeah, okay. I like there to be just like, down at the bottom, it says foundations, behavior, health, okay, that's good. Down the bottom touches one. Let's get to what's on the top. We're gonna go,

we're gonna go up here. So

should I keep talking? Is it recording? Yeah, okay, so we're gonna keep going. That's right. Can you scroll down? So the whole table of contents should be smaller, type size, but keep the same font, just make it smaller, more condensed, part one, part two, part three. I'd like the part one and part two and part three to be larger font, if possible, but however, it works to make it user friendly, make it beautiful and make it easy, make it use your family,

h2, for the parts, h3 for chapters, bold and and then paragraph for the actual sections for the pages. Got it. So

let's just do that right now. No, okay, so, I mean, do you want, I want to diminish the Table of Contents first. Just make sure that we can do this right? We'll do this just as part

no, we're gonna go through the whole thing. Okay?

So when it's going to be through the table of contents, it's all going to be strong, and that's and that'll be great. So we'll take a blessed pages, and then when the start of the manuscript, right here, part one, setting, the vision, this is fine. I would like to, you know, make it shorter. You know, which part i

this, the the

words,

I guess we need to take out all these. I would like to take out those and make those grammatically

correct. So what we're Yeah, we are going to go through the entire document, and we are going to replace the em dash for the appropriate more human readable punctuation and that will be defined by the context of the sentence or phrase and paragraph,

okay, also kind of like when you have the border here. I'm wondering if you can put just a simple border up here

on every page, what would that look like? A

little like, literally, just a little just, just as little part, well,

just on the corner, no, okay, okay, something like, little design feature. Okay, cool. I have let's and thank you. Yeah, this can go so something like,

how's your sleep? Something like, were you able to order that order? That would you we need to order the that. We need to order the the keypad. Um,

yes.

Oh, yeah, right, okay.

So like something like,

yeah, exactly, something like that, exactly, okay, exactly,

yeah. Do you have this particular

I like an architectural one more, whatever's more architecture,

okay, cool, that's good. Okay, cool. I was really looking like, yeah, these, these ones, other than just like the straight lines. But

so I need to get the keypad. Should I get the keypad through there? It doesn't matter, through Costco,

from Amazon. I can, I can show you which one to get. Okay. Thank you so much. And it will be, like, it will be like about 100 or maybe, like, like, maybe like 200 bucks, actually. Okay, cool, so, but architectural, but corner oriented. So, core corner,

yeah. Corner anchors, yeah.

And, okay, cool, perfect.

Maybe we could, like, go through some of those at some point and see which one, yeah.

It can just be simple. It doesn't matter. Okay. Honestly, cool.

No worries. I just wanted to make sure that I

kind of like this one, which one, that one? That's a complex one.

Oh, yeah, that's cool. And so but, and then only, like, halfway,

yeah, just a little bit. It doesn't need to be the whole thing. Why? Or you can do the whole thing. But no, I just want to know, like, well, just as a design feature, as a mark, eye marker, marker for your eye. What was the design feature when you flip through the book that there's this constant arrow thing, if this, I wanted in this corner,

okay, so in this corner, maybe you should have a purpose other than just does that, you know, if you want it to be an eye marker. So maybe it could by cat, I mean, like a a word or something, or like the, like the chat, or like the something here, or is it just okay? Because, yeah, well, we'll Okay. So here, as far as the right top edge border feature, we want to have you. We want to have you. Give us like five different reasons and useful cases for this, other than just decoration. Okay, cool, and we're back. Here we go. Thanks, man, this is really important,

okay, otherwise it's not gonna get little design setting on the page to set it off. I think that it's it should have bigger borders on the top and the bottom.

Okay, okay, so the the margins, we're going to increase the the margin on all sides, so that, yeah, you know what that means. But

just a tiny bit okay,

by maybe by three margins increase margins by three, I Yeah,

okay, I would like you know this to be more user friendly. And honestly, I wonder what the print difference is. If we can have the headings be in dark blue or gold, or some combination there, rather than black, and which so like, why this book now here? Or the lasting impact? So the big bolded headings? Could they be in a different color that made it pop? And I like it to pop stuff we're gonna do this design is very important to me, absolutely.

And so, the and so that makes me feel like,

like there would be a,

like, a header, you know, like on a web page, you know what I mean. So you'd have a header that would have, which would actually, that would translate to the website as well, you know. But so you wouldn't want to do gold on white. No, you wouldn't, you know, even just No, it would have to be a solid blue, solid gold, and then gold.

Yeah, there's different options. We don't do like that either, but whatever. Well, that's, that's

what I was thinking. Yeah. So what can you give us 10 different ways that people draw attention to the headers, such as on page four or in the in the pre in the introduction IV. For why this book? Why now can you give us 10 different ways that people would stylize that and how it would make sense within our context. We have a lot of we have a lot of statistics here,

yeah, how could those be brought out differently? Infographics?

Perhaps we should add infographics and some visual aids. Yes, in order to to make sense of all of any infographic, and we can, and we can fit that right in.

Have it do that. Let's just start there.

No, because, like, seriously, like, we have to go to the whole thing. Like, otherwise, otherwise you're not gonna get, like, this is super important, okay, you can't believe I'm telling you this, right? Totally, dude, we're going through this whole thing, dude. Okay, so, okay. So, yep, we got infographics we're going through here. We've got and then the lasting impact of design leadership. And once again, we want to definitely, we'll be reiterating on the fact that all of these em dashes, um, absolutely have to go, and we need to make sure that what they, they they have to go, but what they, what they need to be, Is is replaced with the proper um, current human punctuation, like grammar, ways that all of every single double em dash has got to go. And so what I want you to do right now, when you're listening to this, is take a deep breath, everything's going to be okay, and then come up with all of the different ways that this is used. In fact, this is what I want you to do. I want you to go through the entire document. This is going to be a separate task. We're going to go through the entire document and find out what, in which case each em dash is used, and then we're going to make the replacement based on in the context of that one. So we'll make a database of a change log, and then once we figure out the case, then we will do a dry run and make sure that's right. And then we'll go with the full through that way, we know that it's going to be correct. Okay, period. And then we're moving forward here.

Okay, cool, that's good.

Okay, cool. So, so once again, lots of infographics here in the introduction. Who is this book for? These are really important. I don't know if we want any visual aids, yeah,

I think it's nice to have, again, some sort of breakup here with the icons, or some sort of, you know, these are real big bullet points, and so to break this up, this is the key point of this whole book. Is these are high, nutritious, packed paragraphs. They're very densely packed. We need to break them up so they're little jabs, little punches, but they make sense in and of themselves. And

you know, especially, we want to be able to have all of the different ways that people learn. Some people are visual learners, like the all of those things, we want to be able to make sure that appropriately and not overboard, that we are using those types of tools for different types of learning styles. Yeah,

yep, adult learning styles with simple visual aids. We don't need to over explain. We want to keep it simple, but it needs to just be very user friendly. That's our goal. Lindsay, this

can really help with this. I think, if that's okay, I think it could be good

so we can keep scrolling, but that's the task thus far.

Oop, oh, fuck me in the ass, oh shit. All right, here we go, coming back down.

All right, here we go, and here we are. So a note from the author,

yeah, I want to make sure this is simple. The note from the author, and again, sounds human, and is in my personal voice, that one that's humble, one that's clear, one that's helpful, one that's encouraging, one that's a servant leader, but speak simply, speak clearly. Have fun. Make sure this voice is good. I'd like to add my signature Brian V Jones to the page too. And a date. I like to date it,

yep. So

that's a love exercise 11 in the introduction. To note from the author, we should sign it and date it, and it should be dated, June 3, 2023

in gold metallic. Inc, nice. And then one thing,

actually, we'll change the date. Let's change the date to earlier. Let's change the date. Yes, earlier, wherever you started it so, yeah, October 2024 2024 October 2024 cool heard, um, one thing was that true, or should we do even January? Should we do January five? No, no, because it wants to be best practices. Current. Wants to be the most current thing possible, right?

But when did, when did they apply for the for this? Okay,

they, I mean, they started applying back in January 2022,

yeah, so you want to be already the expert,

yeah, she won't say that. Okay,

and then, you know, because this is the first edition, we'll release another one very soon. Okay, so, so this will be, yeah, so this will be, like, boom, and then, then again, like, very soon, yeah, the fresh refresh, because, because we want to get this out, so then we can have, like, another fresh

Oh, yeah. So that's that just makes Yeah, let's say November 1, 2024 November 1, 2024 love you baby, yeah, November 1, 2024

that sounds good.

Um, cool. Thank you so much for I know.

Thank you. I'm good, cool, nice. I'm perfectly good. I'm staying up, and we're gonna keep working on this. Yeah, this Yeah, this is important. Yeah, no, I'm good. I just can't eat. I want to eat, but I can't eat. I'm just gonna drink fluids, lots of fluids. Okay, so do you want to keep doing this? Yes, okay, absolutely. So you want to go through 300 pages in theory right now? Well, we'll go

until it doesn't make sense.

Can I have some water. This is not, no, I have, I have, okay, so that's that

okay. There's something that I was

it was important to me that I was thinking about,

Oh, okay, it's almost here.

So you're saying

I starting, sorry,

I got just give me, like, two more seconds, and then, if I don't

remember, got it

for each different section. We want to be able to have the have the option to make it more concise, and so there will be a separate document for each section that consolidates and gets rid of any redundancies and unnecessary language to keep it concise with still holding true to the author's voice, that's very important, but we want the option to make things more concise and clear without extra additional redundant language, if that is in there. Cool. That's what. It was good.

Okay, chapter one that looks good.

I'm wondering we want it. We want to make the quote at each place that there is a quote from another famous a famous historical person, historical person. We want to accentuate that in a way and and then also make sure that it is. And then, even if we don't print it, we want to draw the why that that quote is relevant and and list those things, those things that are relevant from this quote. We want to make sure that the quote is relevant to the chapter or in any other section. If you're going to say a quote at the beginning of something, you're going to want to make sure that it's relevant to the chapter and so and so you we want to make sure that that we want to like we want to look have it identified the parts that are relevant, and then if there's not enough relevance, we might want to either change the probably want to change the quote, but we want to make sure that it's actually relevant. Okay, okay, cool, and then cool. Now moving forward.

So now we're on the first couple pages here, chapter one, page two and three. Again, this, this looks good, you know, I want to understand, you know, is it best that foundations, behavioral health, real estate down at the bottom, title chapter, it should be at the top.

I think I like it. I think I like that at the top. I think that should be the so the court that corner piece, yeah? So it'd the corner piece, and then this will be take the place of the line, yeah, the

lines should still be there. Well, peace, and then that, yeah,

maybe, yeah, yeah. So go ahead. We're going to move the foundations of behavioral health, real estate development, that's at the bottom of every other page, and we're going to put that up at the very top. In the top right corner of the farthest right page is the right page, and then, and then the wellspring chat. So the chapter, what is this called? Again,

that's a chapter title, chapter one. Well,

whatever at the very bottom that kind of tells you where you're at in chapter one, where it says Wellspring, chapter one, for instance, on page two, wherever the most appropriate place to put both of these things well, we want you to give us your advice on that.

Okay, here we go. I know this is tough,

that so far we're cool here once again, making sure that the quotes are relevant is very important. And then, what is this ABC stuff? So all the so on on page, six and seven. So we have these key considerations in behavioral health. And so the following best practices represent the core pillars of successful project delivery in this uniquely demanding field. And then we have a one through seven, and then Briggs, and then we have an ABC.

Can you tell talk about, yeah, with

real estate development process factors. The real estate development factors are important is number one, which is called a, in this case, comprehensive planning and vision. The second most important thing and the project success factors, is B, strong leadership and interdisciplinary collaboration and C, financial stability and budget discipline. And then on page eight, I believe it goes into D, which is community integration and public support. So this is all tied together under real estate development process or project success factors, as listed at the bottom of page six in chapter one. So I need you to tie all that together a little bit better with some like, visual imagery and some spacing and like, that's where the icons are going to go to break all that up. But see, that's a comprehensive section that needs to be stand more standalone and highlighted and

engine friendly. Also readability. We want, we want to make sure that these the key considerations and the project success factors that the the numbered list and then the lettered list. I think we want to know the most appropriate way to actually to do this, if it's ABC or if it's more of a different form, different format. We

need to get the right user friendly format, or maximum readability and comprehensive grouping of ideas and logical systems and show how things are related. But we need to have consistent formatting.

And in this, we want to make sure that it This ties also into search ability. And we want to also make sure that this is going to be relevant for the edu and so whenever we're doing this, we want to make sure that this is a that it's just the appropriate way to do it, not only searching, but with, you know, just classic textbook format, yeah, presentation, presentation, readability, readability,

yeah, information, organization, sexy, make it sexy.

So then we have a conclusion here. Okay, cool. So just moving forward, we're on page nine, coming out of Page nine right now,

and all of these lessons that we're learning here in the in the chapter one apply to the other chapters too. We need you to make logical order of this information and the groupings of the information and all these upgrades and edits that we're making to chapter one, we want to continue to replicate throughout the entire document. It's a 300 plus page document that should all be properly formatted, and we need to remove all of the EM dashes and replace them with other proper natural punctuation.

And also encourage Brian to not try to get out of this earlier than

to continue to work through and I would like you to suggest formatting improvements that will allow us greater readability, greater enjoyment, pleasure and comprehension for the different adult learning styles. So make sure that you're breaking up all this information with excellent quality infographics and data representations, visual representations of the data

and for every set. And that perfectly said and and what we would like for every section do you go through? We want you to analyze it and give us, give us options on how we could make it better. Don't just try to make it better. We want you to consult us on and give us options so that we can choose what is right, what makes sense for our voice. And we completely appreciate you, and you are part of our team, and without you, we would probably still be trying to build the wheel. So thanks a lot.

Yeah, yeah, no, that's, that's a really good one. For a second there I was like, it's like, he's trying to get out of this early.

We have to introduce the icon for them. How are you icons?

Yeah. So, I mean, I think that's going to come in a later, okay, good. I think it should come in later, because

this has been, it's been, I don't have anything different to say, we keep going through this.

Yeah, no, no, we, we need, we need to go through all of it. Yeah, okay,

we'll keep going. Then chapter two. Now we're on chapter two, yep. Page 1313, and you know, I think what you will learn in this chapter, I think that that could be the spacing can be a little bit more narrow. You can bring the the lines together more but, you know, make it all consistent throughout all of the book, all the manuscript.

Oh, yeah, yeah, the whole thing for sure, and and the the very, the very first thing that you should do before anything else, the very first task is to think of this as A manuscript and best

practices.

Best practices, how to of as a how to how to manuscript, how to manuscript. So that's that is the main context of of how this should be formatted and and then this book is written by Brian Jones.

Manual, rather manuscript, it's a manual. It's a how to manual is what we really mean. Like, the manual is teaching people how to do this process called real estate development. And so the manual is a how to step by step, manual of the process and best practices for success. And

Brian Jones is the subject matter expert, global expert. He wrote the playbook, and so this is his

manifesto, but no, but this is just the this is a guidebook of best practices based on the known performance requirements and Real Estate experience of the last 50 years across multiple different industry leaders, bringing together best practices of real estate development, behavioral health development, with the grant requirements as they currently exist in the state of California in 2025

in the author's notes, it should be noted that this is merely a guidebook, and that things are always changing, and that this book does not necessarily the best way to get the most current information is actually

to contact Brian Jones and his company@bhsme.org which is behavioral health subject matter experts.org. And we are here to give private consulting on each individual project to give maximum efficacy. This book is just a general guidebook of best practices

that's why we're doing this shit is

have I told you lately that you love me all

right? And moving on

chapter two, here we keep going. So we're going

down here now we're at 14 and 15. Same thing, yep, same, same. We want to make sure that the quotes are actually relevant.

Make sure the spacing makes sense.

Yep. Okay, cool.

Okay. Development, budget components.

Um, is that that's that's the lingo. Yes,

the development budget is going to include the fundamental land acquisition costs and maybe there's some holding costs involved with you holding before you close, it's going to call the development budget is going to include all the soft costs. So what's going to cost to design the building begun to be under contract with all the professionals, all your legal costs, all your planning permitting. These are soft costs. Environmental hard costs are all the actual stick and mortar, construction, fixtures, furniture, equipment, site work, actual things that are being done on site. And actual physical contingency, money, contingency, hard cost is the building. So all this is the development budget.

And just to be clear and clarify, F, F and E

is fixtures, furniture and equipment. And

speaking of components. There's another very important thing that we that you, we want you to consider when we are writing this again, is that components are also, these are front end components, and these are metrics that we're going to want to have available in the dashboard. So when we, when we think about project management, and we're we are creating a specific project for each client. These are some of the things that we're going to want to be able to have available to us and keep track of

That's right, you're mixing a little bit here. No,

that is very important now, because this is, this is the same thing.

Yeah. So, yeah, we need to incorporate the right formatting for all this. So number one is SITE Intelligence. What does that means?

So, so right here we're on page 20, and so we have the importance of due diligence and and so this needs to be we're what we're going to do here is we're going to have a little breakdown, just like that first little paragraph. We're going to have also some in some infographics, maybe some things that, if you don't do due diligence, what are the ramifications? And then when we start the actual like number one site and legal due diligence, we want this on a separate page that is very clearly defined and separate in its own little diligence table section. Table, yep, we're gonna Yep. We're gonna make a table, little

graphic table to have a checklist of all the due diligence items, Yep,

yeah, a checklist that they kind of like that so that the owners can have usable

satellites. Worksheet,

tactical.

Cute. These

are big words, big boy.

Okay, here we go. Keeping on going down.

We are going through this. This is a, you know, it's organized in a classic, you know, over, you know, over,

that's right.

So yeah, and then we even have, like, then, then we have, then we break into some different phases. So we want to have a clear, a clear separation of an end and a follow up after that. That first the due diligence, and then Then we move into the phases we want to have

a separation, break of topics and ideas, again, highlighting the user friendly nature of a learning manual. This is all a learning manual. How to manual. So anything that we can do to provide checklists and better organizations for people to functionally be successful in managing these projects, any management tools or spreadsheets, key performance indicators that we can give people, the better could.

So I want to ask a question, if so we have, we have the phase one, phase two, like all set up here at the first but then it gives it before it introduces it so and then does it introduce it again?

Maybe, so Sam is redundant? I don't

know. So, yeah, it's, it's, it's, it might be redundant. So we want to look at this area where the power of preparation and the six phases. We want to make sure that we're not being redundant and that we outro the the first and then, 2829

page, page, 2829 look like they should not be there and they should be deleted. It looks like to me, yep.

And then, and that might be the case, but we want your analysis. Okay, yep, and then, and then. So we looks like we pull out of phase six, yep, and then, and that leads into the critical leadership role in all six phases, the role of the owners advisor. And so this is basically Brian Jones, the subject matter expert. This is actually his scope, yes, of work. So this needs to be highlighted, and, and, but so in I think this, I think this right here, needs to have a a blue and this should all be in gold. That's just my thinking, But, sure, but, but, yeah, because that is, that is gold. That's, that's the gold.

The power of preparation. This is very, very, very important. Why it's so important, and

another thing that we want to do, because when, whenever we have a break in the in each section, we always want to leave another page. There should always be a blank page, and even if it has to get cut off on the last page of the other chapter, if it needs to get cut off way early, it doesn't matter. There can be a bunch of white space. We can do stuff with, like infographics, things like that, but, but what we're going to want to do before each section is we're going to want to leave a blank page so that we can place all of the all of the artwork and the icons, all of those branding images and other information that would be helpful for contact and marketing things like that. So we always want to leave one blank page before each section, and it should always be the left page when you when you turn the page, that left first page is going to be the artwork and other things, contact, all of that kind of stuff. And then the new section always starts on the right page after the artwork. Always.

That makes perfect sense. I love that.

See that just like that. Yeah. So, for example, just like on page 40 and 41 it ends up at the top, and then pages 42 and 43 we have the place for the artwork and everything, and then the new chapter begins on the right side. That is an absolute standard.

Okay, so here we go.

What's CMAR

construction? Manager at risk. Manager, manager at risk.

So actually, can we do a Can I ask you a couple questions? Thanks. So in in a couple of your last calls, you came across some some, some things that where people didn't listen to you. They there were some things I just want to like that. The the report that was rendered used like, rendered useless, completely illogical. Um, so that should go like something like, you know that that specific situation, but that this could happen because it did and so up in this area, up here of

case studies, yeah, as well, yeah, yeah, yeah, you do have lots of case studies, and there's room for other case studies. And I've asked some professionals to write case studies, and we need to reach out to them. And that should be part of our situation, that we need to reach out to a couple different particular people. And I need you and the PR people to do that. And when we talk to Lindsay, we'll have her do that. And so there's a couple different folks. There's a Canon design folks, and let's just turn it off. I was having trouble. I think when I have two different computers and they each have their on and the Gmail is on, that AMS, yeah,

I know what you mean. I do know what you mean. I don't think I could, I think I could fix it, but so I want you to, I want you to understand that, that this is not just the book, because there's many this is a tangled web that we're weaving, but we're tightening everything up, and that everything really links to all of the other other places. And so as you're going through this, this transcription manual, the the No, as we're going as you're listening and reading our our assessment of the current state of this manual, that you're also going to pull out all of these notes that we're talking about as as they come up, and you're going to Put them into a separate area as they're appropriate. And so one of these things is that we are linking up with two new teammates, and we have Lindsay, and we have Stephanie. And this is very, very important, because we want to as we're going through this, we want to be able to help help them understand what they're going to do for us. And so one of those things is that just came up, we were talking about the PR and about case studies,

case studies from other professional organizations such as canon design architecture group and another one is LPA, which are two world class, worldwide, International Healthcare architecture group. The other group that I want to work with is partners ESI engineering and science industry. Partners ESI, they have, I know all the principles of these companies as well. I have friends at Quick Draw fund control, who also can write little pieces for this book in terms of case studies and any other testimonials. I would also like to get some other testimonials from other critical people, we need to task the PR people with getting those

Excellent, yeah, so, so any anywhere where you can see efficiencies in, let's say, for marketing or PR, or even the agents that are going to can, you know, basically, control and command the business automated. If there's any area that you can see where there would be a important role, where we could create an agent that had one specific task that it did very well. That's going to be another section where you'll you will place that into another table. And thank you so much for being so detailed with this, because it's not only complex, and it's also very fun, and it's it's a pleasure working with you. So thank you very much. And we're going to continue going here. We're on page 33 and we're rolling through this. And I'll give you a cheeseburger later and a strawberry shake. Oh, geez, oh, oops, I mean water.

Hear the face? What's going on above that? What happened up here? Yeah, right.

So we have, we have some more faces again. So, yeah, we want to pay very No,

these are important, but these are very important, but we need the checklist. Basically, power of No, maybe ski phases, yeah, starting on page 30, this should all be synthesized into some tables and some checklists. Well, this stuff's all really, really, really important, and it's talking about the key players and so about what they do, and each of the things, the challenges, opportunities. This is very, very, very, very important information on page, 32 and 33 and 34 and 35 we just need this put together and a little bit different way it's organized. It makes sense all the way through 36 and and three seven.

To want to do is why want to change. We want to use a different term. We want to use a synonym for phases, like we only want to have, like a one section that has phase, and if we could use a synonym for the other sections, so that it sticks for and is, is appropriate for the, you know, the language of that section. If we could come up with a few different synonyms instead of just using phase all the time, that would that would be helpful.

Well, it is known as phases, and it's known as phasing, and it's like, what phase of the processor, yet it's the life cycle. We're talking about the life cycle, and basically, either we're planning, we're permitting, or we're constructing. So you can change those phases, but it's important to break down the phases into as little steps as possible. So because you really need to get really detailed, there's so much due diligence that's necessary. And if you look at these pages of important things, and there's the different phases they're talking the phases are the same throughout. So phase one is always concept planning. And what we're talking about here is the importance of what what we do in the concept plan. We define the vision, we assess community need and the outcome, clear direction, stakeholder alignment. Like, I'd like some imagery with this. I need some different way to tie it together. I need something that's visually representative of the flow, but the phases are the good, consistent phrase, right?

But so we can use phases in one section, and we can use life cycle,

life cycle and another. That's right, that's the other synonym, yeah. Life Cycle

develop that way that people have, like a separation of concerns, right? What it means everything

is all the same. And so, yeah, the development life cycle is basically just planning, permitting and constructing. But planning has so much, the coordination, the strategic planning, the design, the integration of all the teams.

And at this point, what we're going to do, we're on pages in 3435 around that whole area. We're going to want you to do some deep research. So we want you to do some deep research, do things that we that we don't. We want to get all of the deep research, but we want to make sure that we're, we're protecting our intellectual property, and that we're not giving away everything inside of the book, but that we we have it documented for for internal

uses and purposes and operations and intellectual

property. Yeah. So now we're moving into page 37 here, and we have best practices for successful strategic planning, yeah? And I will say this, yeah. We're not going to get through all three pages, but this is, you see how important this is, right? Yeah, this is fucking badass dude, and it's going to take a little bit longer.

So best practices for strategic planning are very important. And this whole chapter two is about strategic planning and feasibility analysis. So this is really one of the highlights of the chapter. So like, how can we make this a little bit more bang and a little bit more exciting? Exciting? Yeah, give me a little bit more bang and boom. We want best practices for strategic planning. This is really great, exciting stuff like that. Start the shared vision. Is exciting to build a strategic, multi disciplinary team of the best people possible. That's really exciting to conduct rigorous due diligence to get all the facts. Let's know what we're dealing with. Let's say, set a plan, develop

an incredible team and with people who like, are passionate and that know what they're doing. And so we want this section to be a place where it kind of gets rid of all of the like, it brings them out of like, all the daunting tasks, if that's daunting or whatever, all the all of the the complexities. And we want to, like, have this as a, as a, as an uplifting portion, where, where the and that's where BBj comes in. And BBj, if I ever say BBj, that means Brian Jones, Brian Burnham Jones and so anyway. But this is a, this is a place where we can actually, this is a, it's kind of a call to action, where we can really get their attention, and this is a selling point for our business and and so we want this to be, also be to be to be inspiring and fun. So we'll keep we'll continue forward here and or we're gonna do a little pause here, but I'm not actually gonna pause. We're just pausing.

No we can. We're just gonna let that keep rolling. Gonna let that keep

rolling. We're

not gonna even turn it off.

No jokes, no jokes, no jokes. You

Oh, and the Internet drive back from The Square.

Me left to eat it. You want me, baby, want me. Baby, want me, baby, You

out We Bye, you so sweet and

salty. Cha, cha, cha

sounds good. Okay,

next,

everyone, what's up? No, that's just, I guess, the closest thing that

it's just like, it's like, location based, I guess.

Oh, really, yeah,

see, um,

okay. Minors,

what's up was that your minors, did you stop it? No, it doesn't

matter. You just keep it going always.

Yeah, yep, new one. Go on mine. Oh, yeah. I mean, I still don't know what we're gonna do. Of course, you don't. She's some okay, sure, nope.

What a life it was

to dream away today. In between the dreams of the

time. I just don't have too much add the same type of course I got.

Yeah, I mean, what was she doing?

I mean, it's just

those voices. Those are great voices.

Yep, minor.

I it's been a long time since shades passed by.

No clouds in the sky around us, but it's big and It's blue and

pink, pink, Pink, bing, bing, Bing.

Me, down. Miracles Me, Miracle

me, and I am melting

into you.

I am melting into you.

Attack not

Gonna take me away again. You

You look cool. Tammy, breeze, pretty

I

period, eight minutes, nice. I was good at that. You nice?

You. So you want to return to it is, listen to that.

Yeah, no, that's what some great jobs like.

Just so you know that last part was a musical break, and so you can separate that into a Another area, and then we'll refocus into the wellspring.

I free. Rocket, chop, chop,

chop. Remember the shark

outfit every song with a cha.

Cha Cha send it. Oh,

what do you mean send it

in terms of making these changes? Oh, well, then

let's keep going. Yeah. Well, what else we need to do with it? I mean, go through the rest of it. I Here you want to mean, yes,

you want to come sit, sit right next to sit by my side.

Hey, though,

like, in all real, in all realness, this is,

this is a really good exercise here,

and a very important one.

Do you do you feel the same?

Yeah, I just want to

do it. Yep, cool, put down the fucking guitar and get over here. I

want to do some work,

like I said, like I'm

consistent and flexible,

run I could do coffee

for me to fucking have a panic attack.

Now, have some coffee action. I definitely

want, like, said to

me, yesterday, but it's going to get sent to me tomorrow, so that means in two days, then that's okay.

A very good

thing. So yeah, but yeah so back.

You said, yeah, no, I

mean, yeah. I mean, it sounds, it sounds,

actually, really, yeah.

So I'm gonna have to, this is actually a good thing, because that's the type of Sarah Martin. Anyway, um, it soon. But my I library use this, and so it's attached to her Apple ID,

so I need to talk to her. Oh yeah,

no, no, but that's I'm gonna have to do that to Get that to be able to work

everyone when I get excited, and also, like, amazed at What's possible all

the time, but they're like, I've never it.

Yeah, this is exactly in my wheelhouse. This is exactly what, and it

just feels immediate. Okay, so you

it Okay, fire hose,

BBj, spire hose,

yeah, so fast. It's like,

it all comes out.

It basically like, yeah, he's just like, but yeah,

self heard. Look out.

You're so high enough. Very nice. There's a mustard can.

Dude, I'm so obvious. Dude, he was always such a happy like he never was on the level.

I mean, he did. Well, no,

yeah, no. I mean, I know him. I know

him deeply, you know like, yeah,

oh, I know everything

about him, because it's not a winning story.

I'm sorry, mental. Health issues, that's it.

So even I remember calling me just check this out. He said, Oh my god, Ryan, you know what happened with Me and him and I was like, Oh, yeah.

You just, oh, yeah, I

just Like,

yeah, he was cool.

I yeah, I do, however you Want to give it to me? Do?

You must prepare Anyway, whatever. I will

say that I like, I think we

have good. I think, dude, we're gonna be good. Yeah,

you guys, yeah, we have a great staff,

or great steps.

Actually, I'm actually glad that this is still connected to her, because, like, we actually do have to have a conversation.

She was, I'll say

on a big billboard nightmare.

Not only, I mean, I could go on, but I'm not going

to that much. But like, and then,

but and then what, I guess her, her compliment

to me, and

her service to me, is that she just cleans me. Everyone

is just like and like. She's like, you're

better. Stupid people better. And I was like,

I was like, is that powerful? And then like,

and then my whole entire and then I them. And I mean, but she thinks I owe her. I was looking for myself. You could have a security general system,

like you

can't really the guy. I don't do

recharges. I didn't do like, two returns. So I did a Bucha research and found the best security center camera system and and then I wanted something to help me out.

She didn't want me.

She wanted to choose.

She wanted to use her contractor. Contractor canceled on

me, and then didn't want to do it until the Security Council. But it was, it's her life. So it wasn't, it's not Wi Fi, but they're looking packs. It's like that you could see like and and like night vision and also segmentation you do.

It's amazing. But Disney,

I don't know

the end of the snake is awesome. It's

like hinting, not only in that vision, but also can recognize

cars, People, animals as

a segmentation

he held it in The Room,

very psyched. Oh yeah, you're right, but

i It's

the elephant in The stock. Yeah, it's, it's,

it's his addiction to honey.

Us getting your ass out here you're so, yes, I gotta tell you that you haven't come out and that you haven't been more in your glory than you've been hiding out. But I understand I've been smelling motion processes. Goddamn, where's Jared? We gotta get you gotta get your What's that one? Jared? Yeah, what the is Jero doing? Like, literally, that. Like, that's a pain. But, you know,

this was, like, the best thing I was

it? No, this was, like, the best thing.

I'm so happy. I really am so

happy to do obviously, I mean literally,

I'm just like, you know, my friend, what do you mean? I days before me. Was friends with mine. His parents and he was born February 28

which is actually a historical practice, John's birthday, he was born February 28 february, march 3, three days before me. We were friends High School. About age 16 and a half,

mushrooms, dogs. Or drugs by standard consciousness.

Wasn't about drugs. Regards to this guy actually involved. He was, like an intellectual, aggressive German, Swiss, Austrian artist, and he spoke like five languages, like he was like, you know, you're passionate about Yeah, he was National Intellectual. Was really, really smart, and he his son, glad, has Matt asked a new kindergarten we grew up together. Matt at ninth grade public school, and he had his hair ninth grade. And the other guy that came in at 7k was one day. So the three of us acted so hungry, intellectual, jock, smartest say that. Our

attitude said it. I didn't have to say that. And Axel was leader. Axel was based on prison, jail. Axel

here at Stanford University. We every university, relocating here. God bless you. So happy. Relocating years, leaving

Stanford. I'm

leading Stanford, Central Coast, yes,

in the show he was sitting

right here. That's actually, like Six Flags, okay, she's gonna have a kid. Keith is wrong. Keith, I'm not gets in the phone. Okay, don't tell your brother Brian. But oh my God, his best friend actually just died this morning. Don't tell Brian that happened. No, but my brother heard it. Yeah. And my brother gets back to the crime at three hours, dude, I put on every kick ass driving myself I could party talking about beside it was, yeah, how much fun I was saying. It's the worst situation that he put because she put him in by telling him not to tell me he did, because he had to invite his son and think about it for three and a half hours on the way home to see this COVID distance and me being excited to see my friend all over The country with maximum isn't the best friend. And so Father got home, and my mom would come in the kitchen, and first time, mother fucker, I didn't do wasn't saying, yeah, he knew that he was going to, perhaps OB and he didn't go to six months heroin in Chicago like this is a real heroin show you having to shoot up at three or four times. Like, shoot up, like, first thing morning. Doesn't matter. The Movie, kids really

was a terrible thing.

But like, Did you see the movie kids I did like so that literally defined. It was like, not defined. That was a representation of my generation, my particular experience with drugs and money, privileged white kids with heroin and ecstasy orgies and fast cars and rape drugs. I know rape drug I've ever that was happening so

awesome. I've always

been living they actually three of them. So Andre died first, January. The three of them, so Andre died first January.

That's so he died at age 18. Maybe it was January, and actually goes and then actually died six months later, June, 1. First, yeah, so January to June and then I mean OD. Od had died well to my two best friends down, and I'm 19, and then my other friend came up to Stanford and tried to kick My time, and couldn't, I'm listening. My

friend is actually

the point of what I'm trying to tell you, my friend, is actually how precious you are to me. And the third one made it until 26 he was addicted to heroin the whole time he was

James, you put down supposedly new green sheet, took just

a huge lethal shot of heroin, and laid down a bed, committed suicide. And this note, I never saw an extra note that parents decided either that makes it easy. Couldn't go out with the lie that like he knew that society was and he was addicted. He couldn't get off it. He was just depressed, schizophrenic medicine. That was psychiatry. I am sort of living with these three guys a little bit, yeah, in the sense of my life, my passion for life that obviously loves coming as their agency. First. Yeah, I was 789, 16, but, like, I'm always having to admit this Passion and corruption. I action and corruption, success, I think, and beyond,

beyond the work, you

know, just like the racist the music box.

A very grateful it's

that's so young to

lose friends. Yeah, it's really wild. I've lived already more of my life than there ever alive, like twice as long. Yeah, yeah, dude, we have really deep paths that, like from 16 till 1819, it was in terms of pills, in terms of sex, bisexual, black, shitty drugs, roofing drugs, painting blood like serious shit. I were so many weird things except blood people will be true. Cocaine in some injection I remember it's viewed when I was in 70, 1819, and my mind died absolutely so. Absolutely tourists, but it really was real, and it wasn't all the time, but like it was enough time. But these guys are actually starting today. Bushes. Nobody drove through it. You're actually sick little try. Could go anywhere private area

so we could go back there was, was at their neighborhood,

sort of dirt alley in their neighborhood, houses

To like, what are is to patches.

Yes, awesome. I it awesome. So you found all those secret

squads. It's okay, like it's my, it's mine, it's not okay. It's okay. I'm gonna say you actually are asking. It's just okay. Balance and

also boundaries or self control, reasonableness, reasonable

message, why don't you just do this? Thank you so much. Here's your sister. Thank you so much. I it's loaded up. I'll Be right back. It's so relative.

Any special

I but then and Then it

goes that

way. This is yours, anyways. That was sort of, I think so I really appreciate thanks for sharing that. Should you order it? Because order?

Yeah, I mean, yeah, like, it

can't be like 19,

yeah, it was real. We got in really, really

early. That's

really grew up in mormonville, yeah, right.

Did I really? I really like the the

miracle, miracle. Well, it's nice. I felt

like John and Paul, like, you're doing your part, and I did a little different thing, and they kind of blended together, and they sang with each other. Yeah, it was,

like, really nice and organic. Chapter

Three.

God, there's so much to unpack, you know? I think this is really important, though it is keep going to

me, yeah. I mean,

it makes sense, yeah, yeah, no, I think, I mean, I think it, you know, I do think that it has, I think it knows enough now to be able to go through it. Because I do think

that it should,

we should, I should go through it, but, but I think it does have enough. In fact, let's, let's, let's do a run.

What did? What did Chris say? Oh, Chris,

I should call. I said, I call him later. He didn't want to say he was just checking out. Actually. I said, everything good, yeah, he wanted, she said he wanted to check in on a personal thing. The truth is, my friend, yeah, say too much about him. He's got it. You know, the same reason why I think I know, yeah, let's go about girl, well,

I don't know that. Okay.

Well, I don't want to talk. That's okay. But the truth is, he and I communicate

about the truth of complex childhood trauma in our partners, and complex childhood trauma my friend up there and his mother of his daughter, and she is really bad and he sometimes needs support. Yeah, call him back and talk to him. Yeah, absolutely. We did.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai